Add notes about limitations of innerHTML implementation, and related exercises (#712)
browserengineering/book: book/embeds.md

On the other hand, the rest work as-is: `getAttribute`, `innerHTML`, `style` and
`Date`.^[Another good exercise: can you explain why these don't need any
changes?] However, `innerHTML` can cause an iframe to be added to or removed

> from the document. Our browser does not handle that correctly, and I've left
> a solution to the problem to an exercise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from the document. Our browser does not handle that correctly, and I've left
a solution for this problem to an exercise.
```

*Iframes under transforms*: painting an iframe that has a CSS `transform` on it
or an ancestor should already work, but event targeting for clicks doesn't work,
because `click` doesn't account for that transform. Fix this. Also check if
accessibility handles iframes under transform correctly in all cases.

*Iframes added or removed by script*: the `innerHTML` API can cause iframes

> to be added or removed, but our browser incorrectly fails to load or unload
> them. Implement this behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to be added or removed, but our browser doesn't load or unload them
when this happens. Fix this: new Iframes should be loaded and old ones unloaded.
```
